---
title: "Senior Software Engineer"
collection: experience
type: ""
permalink: /experience/2017-wdr
venue: "W. D. R. Samarakoon Logistic Pvt."
date: 2017-09-01
enddate: 2019-01-01
location: "Colombo, SL"
---

Worked as a <strong>Senior Developer</strong> in a <strong>Truck Connectivity Platform</strong>, designing and developing a <strong>real-time data exchange system</strong> between <strong>truck drivers and customers</strong>. Developed the <strong>Driver App, Customer App, Customer Portal, and Admin Portal</strong>, implementing a <strong>microservices backend</strong> and integrating <strong>IoT truck location data</strong>. Utilized <strong>Amazon EC2</strong> for deployments with <strong>PubNub integration</strong>.
Worked across a broad range of <strong>application development</strong> using programming languages such as <strong>Java (Spring Boot), Angular, Node.js and SQL</strong> to develop <strong>REST APIs</strong>. Utilized various tools, including <strong>Spring Tool Suite, Eclipse, Bitbucket, VS Code, JBOSS, and Docker</strong>.


<h2>Projects</h2>

<ul>
  <li>
    <h3>Enhanced Booking and Dispatch Automation</h3>
    <p>- Optimized booking scheduling efficiency and automated manual dispatch processes using Redis integration.</p>
    <p>- Led the development and design of the common core module for the new path tracking microservice.</p>
    <p>- Integrated new user requirements into Angular portals by analyzing technical specifications and implementing the design.</p>
  </li>

  <li>
    <h3>Real-time Data Exchange & IoT Integration</h3>
    <p>- Implemented a microservices backend to enable real-time data exchange between drivers and customers.</p>
    <p>- Integrated IoT truck location data with PubNub for live tracking.</p>
    <p>- Deployed applications on Amazon EC2 for scalable performance.</p>
  </li>

  <li>
    <h3>Technical Documentation & Knowledge Sharing</h3>
    <p>- Prepared comprehensive user guides and internal technical documentation, covering architecture, best practices, use cases, and deployment steps.</p>
    <p>- Provided technical guidance and mentored junior developers.</p>
  </li>
</ul>